It's been a long wait since Inquisition, but Dragon Age: Dreadwolf is bringing the band back together. Some of it, anyway. At some point. After spending years doing everything but acknowledging the next sequel, BioWare dropped the coy act, confirming that a fourth game was in development. Our time in Thedas isn't over yet.

While we've got a name, hard Dreadwolf details are still hard to come by. We know it's going to be a "singleplayer-focused" experience, with BioWare abandoning an earlier multiplayer incarnation. Even in the era of service games, Anthem's collapse still looms large over EA's efforts. While we patiently wait for a proper unveiling, here's everything we know about Dragon Age: Dreadwolf's story, possible release date, trailers, characters, and more.
We don't have a release date for Dragon Age: Dreadwolf yet. Thanks to a May 2023 financial report from EA, we know that Dragon Age: Dreadwolf isn't due until sometime after April 2024. The report includes EA's projected releases for the 2024 fiscal year, ending in April 2024, and unfortunately, Dragon Age: Dreadwolf isn't listed. In other words, don't expect Dragon Age: Dreadwolf until the back half of 2024, at the earliest.

However, we do know that progress is coming along steadily. In October 2022 BioWare general manager Gary McKay announced that Dreadwolf had reached its internal alpha milestone. "We can experience the entire game, from the opening scenes of the first mission to the very end," McKay said. Prior to that, the latest tiny crumb of a clue circling the internet was a tweet from game director Corinne Busche in August 2022 with a picture of a PS5 controller that said "Couch, coffee, controller and ready to play
During The Game Awards in December 2020, BioWare showed off a teaser trailer for the next Dragon Age game. The trailer does at least seem to confirm one returning character: dwarven archer Varric Tethras, a party member in both Dragon Age 2 and Dragon Age: Inquisition.
Aside from that, the trailer also confirms that, as is Dragon Age tradition, we'll have a new protagonist for the next game. Oh, and it's seriously pretty. The series seems to be getting even further away from its grimy Ferelden roots into some of the more grand and colorful magic of the world. Call me a silly superfan if you must, but even two years later this trailer gives me chills.
In 2021, many of the Dragon Age: Dreadwolf teasers we saw were concept art shared by then executive producer Christian Dailey. You can flip through a couple of those above.

The Gamescom 2020 Opening Night Live show gave us a look at some of the early production of the next Dragon Age. The video shows off concept art, some 3D environments, a bit of voice acting production, and some gameplay prototypes. It's a bit too early to count anything seen as true Dreadwolf gameplay, but getting a look at the process is something at least. Dragon Age might still be far out, but the trailer successfully sells the excitement of returning to BioWare's fantasy world.

In June 2020, EA didn't mention Dragon Age by name during EA Play but did make some allusions to it. "BioWare imagines and creates worlds where you become the hero of your own story. And we're using this next generation of technology to make those fantasy worlds your reality," it said, while sharing some 3D environment clips that sure look like they included red lyrium.

The first teaser for Dragon Age: Dreadwolf was during The Game Awards in 2018. It was a very brief video with voiceover from Solas, the Dread Wolf himself, who we're definitely assuming will be the game's antagonist.
giuliapeppia


tulip, (genus Tulipa), genus of about 100 species of bulbous herbs in the lily family (Liliaceae), native to Central Asia and Turkey. Tulips are among the most popular of all garden flowers, and numerous cultivars and varieties have been developed.
Tulip cultivation likely began in Persia (Iran) in the 10th century, and it eventually became a symbol of the Ottoman Empire. Tulips were introduced to the Western world by Augier Ghislain de Busbecq, the Viennese ambassador to Turkey, who wrote of seeing the plants in Edirne, Turkey, in 1551 and later sent some seeds to Austria. The arrival at Antwerp in 1562 of a cargo of tulip bulbs from Constantinople (now Istanbul) marked the beginning of the horticultural tulip industry in Europe. An early recipient of these flowers was French botanist Carolus Clusius, who was an avid bulb grower and is often credited with the spread of other spring bulbs, such as hyacinths and irises, across Europe. In the 1590s he established a botanic garden at the University of Leiden and cultivated tulips there. In 1596 and again in 1598, broken tulips (tulips that bloom in streaks or flames of colour) were stolen from Clusius’s garden, and the genetically variable seeds of those purloined flowers became the foundation for a lively tulip trade. A speculative frenzy over tulips in the Netherlands in 1633–37 is now known as the Tulip Mania.
The Tulip was actually originally a wild flower growing in Central Asia. It was first cultivated by the Turks as early as 1000AD. Mania in Turkey struck in the 16th century, at the time of the Ottoman Empire, when the Sultan demanded cultivation of particular blooms for his pleasure. The name 'tulip' came from the Turkish word for turban.
Tulips in Turkey continued to remain popular, and in the early 18th century, the 'Age of the Tulips' or 'Tulip Era' began. There were tulip festivals and it was a crime (punishable by exile) to buy or sell tulips outside the capital
The flowers were introduced into Western Europe and the Netherlands in the late 16th century, probably by Carolus Clusius, who was a biologist from Vienna.

In the 1590s, Clusius became the director of the Hortus Botanicus in Leiden, the oldest botanical garden of Europe, founded in 1587. He was hired by the University of Leiden to research medicinal plants. While doing so, his friend in Turkey, Ogier Ghiselain de Busbecq, the ambassador of Constantinople (present day Istanbul), had seen the beautiful tulip flowers growing in the palace gardens, and so sent a few to Clusius for his garden in Leiden. This was the start of the bulb fields in the Netherlands that can be seen today.

In the beginning of the 17th century, the tulip was starting to be used as a garden decoration instead of the former medicinal purposes. It soon gained major popularity as a trading product, especially in Holland. The interest for the flowers was huge and bulbs were sold for unbelievable high prices.

Botanists started to hybridize the flower and they soon found ways of making even more decorative and tempting specimens. Hybrids and mutations of the flower were seen as rarities and a sign of high status (see our full list of 15 different tulip divisions). In the months of late 1636 to early 1637 there was a complete "Tulipomania" in the Netherlands. Some examples could cost more than a house in Amsterdam at this time.

There was an inevitable crash in prices in 1637, when people came to their senses and stopped purchasing the bulbs at such high prices. Throughout the 17th and 18th centuries, interest in the tulip remained, but the Dutch became the true connoisseurs and stockists.

In the 20th century it was discovered that the frilly petals and dramatic flames that gave some varieties their stunning look, were in fact the symptoms of an infection by the mosaic virus. The healthy flowers were supposed to be solid, smooth and monotone. The virus came to the tulip from a louse living on peaches and potatoes. These diseased varieties are no longer sold, what you can find is hybrids that look similar but are genetically stable!

Nowadays, there are many different tulip varieties to choose from (browse our range of tulips for inspiration), and you can still buy some of the original 'wild' varieties, often called 'species' tulips (see our range of wild tulip bulbs).
giuliapeppia


In their natural habitats rats are primarily nocturnal—the brown rat is a prominent exception, being active day and night in both urban and rural environments. All rats are terrestrial, and many are also arboreal. The Sulawesian white-tailed rat is an excellent climber and exhibits the classic combination of arboreal traits within Rattus: a very long tail relative to body length, extremely long guard hairs over the back and rump, and wide hind feet with prominent, fleshy footpads. This rodent dens among the roots of large trees (generally strangler figs) and forages high in the crowns of understory and canopy trees.
By contrast, those species having a tail considerably shorter than body length, short guard hairs over the back and rump, and inconspicuous pads on the soles of their hind feet tend to be primarily ground-dwelling. Most rats can swim; species with thick and somewhat woolly fur generally swim well, and some are adept swimmers that forage in aquatic environments. The brown rat, for example, has a terrestrial rat’s characteristic morphology and is a comparatively poor climber, but it has dense fur and readily enters lakes and streams and sewers to hunt for fish, invertebrates, or other food.
The house rat, on the other hand, is extremely agile above the ground, being able to climb and run along narrow branches and wires.
Rats are thought to eat everything, a conception that comes from familiarity with the highly adaptable brown rat and house rat, but diet actually differs according to species and habitat. Where it lives with humans, the house rat does consume nearly anything digestible, especially stored grains. The brown rat is basically omnivorous but prefers a carnivorous diet, aggressively pursuing a wide variety of prey including shrimp, snails, mussels, insects, bird eggs and young, amphibians, eels, fish, pheasant, pigeons, poultry, rabbits, and carrion. Many rainforest species, including the Sulawesian white-tailed rat and Hoffman’s rat, eat only fruit and the seeds within, but some, such as the Philippine forest rat (R. everetti), also eat insects and worms.
Other tropical species, such as the rice-field rat (R. argentiventer) and Malayan field rat (R. tiomanicus), primarily consume the insects, snails, slugs, and other invertebrates found in habitats of forest patches, secondary growth, scrubby and fallow fields, palm plantations, and rice fields.
Some rats excavate burrows or build their nests beneath boulders, rotting tree trunks, or other kinds of shelter on the forest floor; they may also shelter in deep rock crevices or caves and in dwellings from small village huts to large city buildings. Rat reproduction has been most intensively studied in the brown rat. This prolific rodent reaches sexual maturity at three months and may produce up to 12 litters of 2 to 22 young (8 or 9 is usual) per year, with peaks in the spring and autumn and a gestation period of 21 to 26 days. Breeding occurs throughout the year in many tropical species but in others may be restricted to wet seasons or summer months. Litter sizes in tropical forest species tend to be much smaller (one to six), and seasonal breeders, particularly in Australian habitats, produce significantly fewer annual litters.