The Fellowship of the Ring is the first of three volumes in The Lord of the Rings, an epic set in the fictional world of Middle-earth. The Lord of the Rings is an entity named Sauron, the Dark Lord, who long ago lost the One Ring that contains much of his power. His overriding desire is to reclaim the Ring and use it to enslave all of Middle-earth.
The story of The Lord of the Rings begins with several events that take place in The Hobbit. While wandering lost in a deep cave, Bilbo Baggins, a Hobbit—one of a small, kindly race about half the size of Men—stumbles upon a ring and takes it back with him to the Shire, the part of Middle-earth that is the Hobbits’ home. All Bilbo knows of his ring is that wearing it causes him to become invisible. He is unaware that it is the One Ring, and is therefore oblivious to its significance and to the fact that Sauron has been searching for it.
The Fellowship of the Ring opens with a party for Bilbo’s 111th birthday. Bilbo gives his ring to his heir, his cousin Frodo Baggins. When the time comes to part with the ring, however, Bilbo becomes strangely reluctant to do so. He gives up the ring only at the determined urging of his friend, Gandalf the Grey, a great Wizard. Gandalf suspects that the ring is indeed the One Ring of legend. After confirming his suspicions, he tells Frodo that the Ring must be taken away from the Shire, as Sauron’s power is growing once again.
Frodo sets out from the Shire with three of his Hobbit friends—Sam, Merry, and Pippin. Along the way, they are pursued by the nine Ringwraiths, servants of Sauron who take the form of terrifying Black Riders. The hobbits spend a night in the company of wandering Elves, who promise to send word ahead to friends who will protect the hobbits. Barely out of the Shire, the hobbits get lost in the Old Forest, where they have to be rescued from a malevolent willow tree, which swallows up Merry and Pippin, and then from an evil tomb ghost. The hobbits’ rescuer is Tom Bombadil, a strange, jovial entity with great powers who is the oldest creature in Middle-earth.
giuliapeppia

Taylor Alison Swift is a singer-songwriter born on December 13, 1989, in West Reading, Pennsylvania. Her father, Scott Swift, is a stockbroker; her mother, Andrea Swift, is a homemaker who previously worked as a fund marketing executive; and her brother, Austin, is an actor. Swift spent her early years on a Christmas tree farm with her parents.
At age 9, Swift started taking vocal and acting lessons in New York City and later decided to shift her focus toward country music, inspired by Shania Twain and Faith Hill.
When the rising star was around 12 years old, a computer repairman named Ronnie Cremer taught her to play guitar and helped with her first efforts as a songwriter, leading Taylor to write "Lucky You", her first song ever.
In 2003, with the help of a family friend manager, she modeled for Abercrombie & Fitch and had an original song included on the show's compilation CD. With it, came the opportunity to attend meetings with major record labels.
To help Taylor's break into country music, her father transferred his job to an office in Nashville when she was 14, and the family relocated to a lakefront house in Hendersonville, Tennessee, where Taylor attended high school. Two years later, she transferred to Aaron Academy to better accommodate her touring schedule through homeschooling. She graduated high school a year early because of that.
giuliapeppia

In their natural habitats rats are primarily nocturnal—the brown rat is a prominent exception, being active day and night in both urban and rural environments. All rats are terrestrial, and many are also arboreal. The Sulawesian white-tailed rat is an excellent climber and exhibits the classic combination of arboreal traits within Rattus: a very long tail relative to body length, extremely long guard hairs over the back and rump, and wide hind feet with prominent, fleshy footpads. This rodent dens among the roots of large trees (generally strangler figs) and forages high in the crowns of understory and canopy trees.
By contrast, those species having a tail considerably shorter than body length, short guard hairs over the back and rump, and inconspicuous pads on the soles of their hind feet tend to be primarily ground-dwelling. Most rats can swim; species with thick and somewhat woolly fur generally swim well, and some are adept swimmers that forage in aquatic environments. The brown rat, for example, has a terrestrial rat’s characteristic morphology and is a comparatively poor climber, but it has dense fur and readily enters lakes and streams and sewers to hunt for fish, invertebrates, or other food.
The house rat, on the other hand, is extremely agile above the ground, being able to climb and run along narrow branches and wires.
Rats are thought to eat everything, a conception that comes from familiarity with the highly adaptable brown rat and house rat, but diet actually differs according to species and habitat. Where it lives with humans, the house rat does consume nearly anything digestible, especially stored grains. The brown rat is basically omnivorous but prefers a carnivorous diet, aggressively pursuing a wide variety of prey including shrimp, snails, mussels, insects, bird eggs and young, amphibians, eels, fish, pheasant, pigeons, poultry, rabbits, and carrion. Many rainforest species, including the Sulawesian white-tailed rat and Hoffman’s rat, eat only fruit and the seeds within, but some, such as the Philippine forest rat (R. everetti), also eat insects and worms.
Other tropical species, such as the rice-field rat (R. argentiventer) and Malayan field rat (R. tiomanicus), primarily consume the insects, snails, slugs, and other invertebrates found in habitats of forest patches, secondary growth, scrubby and fallow fields, palm plantations, and rice fields.
Some rats excavate burrows or build their nests beneath boulders, rotting tree trunks, or other kinds of shelter on the forest floor; they may also shelter in deep rock crevices or caves and in dwellings from small village huts to large city buildings. Rat reproduction has been most intensively studied in the brown rat. This prolific rodent reaches sexual maturity at three months and may produce up to 12 litters of 2 to 22 young (8 or 9 is usual) per year, with peaks in the spring and autumn and a gestation period of 21 to 26 days. Breeding occurs throughout the year in many tropical species but in others may be restricted to wet seasons or summer months. Litter sizes in tropical forest species tend to be much smaller (one to six), and seasonal breeders, particularly in Australian habitats, produce significantly fewer annual litters.